Merge 'temporary-regulations-covid-19-draft' into 'draft' - version 2020-08-01 (#981)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - 11e2) If a competitor is granted an extra attempt, the extra attempt should be done right after the attempt that caused it, and must replace the original regularly numbered attempt.
    - 11e3) If it is unclear whether an incident should result in an extra attempt, the competitor may be granted a provisional extra attempt that will be used only if it is later found that an extra attempt was appropriate (e.g. by a decision of the WRC).
- 11f) Decisions about an incident may be supported with video or photographic analysis, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

> - 11g) The WCA Delegate must ensure that copies of the Regulations and Guidelines are available (e.g. printed, digital, or accessible via internet) to consult for any incidents.

Author: ```suggestion
- 11g) The WCA Delegate must ensure that copies of the Regulations and Guidelines are available (e.g. printed, digital, or accessible via internet) to officials and competitors for consultation on any incidents.
```
